---
title: New Bunker Feature Soonest
url: 24.html
id: 24
comments: false
categories:
  - Uncategorized
date: 2003-12-01 23:54:37
tags:
---

Recipes. Of course, what this site needs is yet another include, and what better content to include original recipes by my good fiend, sorry, _friend_ Bertrand Man. He's working on a fabulous new cookery book and has been supplying our private email list with tasty recipes each week. As a publication test and an all round good deed here is last weeks as is. I plan to build another mini blog and give Bert the keys just as soon as I get the time. (New site live here: [www.rassami.com](http://www.rassami.com)) This week it's **chicken and chorizo** and it'll serve four. You need: 1 chicken carcass or bones from your butcher 1 Organic Chicken 4 small cooking chorizo 1 small ring of black pudding 2 medium onion or a handful of shallots 2 cloves garlic 4 bayleaves Whole peppercorns 2 carrot 2 sticks of celery 1 tin or 250g of soaked cannellini beans 2 glasses of white wine Fresh thyme Salt and pepper **Method:** Roast the carcass or chicken bones on at 190c for about 30 mins. Then place in a large pan with about 1.5l of water, 1 onion halved, halved carrot, 2 bayleaves and 4 whole peppercorns and halved sticks of celery. Bring the the boil and simmer for about 45 mins. Strain out the solids and reduce the liquid to about 3/4 litre. While you're reducing the stock, if you haven't got your butcher to do so, break the chicken down into about 8 pieces. It's easier to get the butcher to do this but if you haven't, you need to break it down to breast, legs, thighs, wings. The 'back part' can be cooked to add flavour but don't serve it. Brown the chicken portions. Also start frying the onions, celery and carrots until golden brown and then fry the chopped garlic. Don't burn the garlic or you'll have a very bitter taste. Black pudding - this is the secret ingredient that you can leave out but I think makes all the difference. Chop finely and add to the frying vegetables. It enriches the casserole as well as thickens the sauce. Also add some sliced cooking chorizo. Add the chicken, the reduced stock, wine, fresh thyme sprigs, can of canneline beans andbayleaf. Cover the pot tightly with the lid (sometimes adding tin foil over the top helps) and chuck into the oven for about an hour and a half at 160c or just have it sitting on a very low flame for the same time. Unless you have heavy cast iron pans like Le Creuset, I'd use the oven technique. Season to taste and serve with some greens. To be honest I cook it and leave it for 24 hours before reheating to allow the flavours to mature a bit.