---
title: Week 466/467
tags:
  - weeknote
url: 216.html
id: 216
categories:
  - Uncategorized
date: 2009-12-21 05:07:41
---

Last weeks note didn't get done, too busy, bad pod. Must make time for the weeknote. So this will be a double issue, much like the TV Times you get for the holidays, but with less classic movies.

My clickable flash 'thing' has gone over well, so I've gone into detailed wireframes around clever login mechanisms. Clever in that we're trying to be frictionless so we have to work a bit harder on our end, utilising Facebook connect as our first choice, falling back to openID and 'classic' email/passwords.

I'd used FB as a login feature on Tioti.com (2007) when it was still a neat, new way of handling that. We used a FB app, but the process remains similar - it's seamless and secure for the user (we don't hold a password) while we can use their social graph to improve the experience.

I've been working up much prettier user interface elements now that features are settling down too,

so things are starting to pick up a bit of gloss, which is painstaking but always enjoyable.

This sub-project will be live Jan 24th, and my portion is almost over. The next chunk technically should have been first, it being the "lofty grand vision" but release schedules have to be navigated.  Plus, jumping in and doing a semi-skimmed implementation has been instructive both to the parameters of the wider project as well as the realities within the business.

It'll be a busy, but exciting new year I think.

Last weeks note didn't get done, too busy, bad pod. Must make time for the weeknote. So this will be a double issue, much like the TV Times you get for the holidays, but with less classic movies. My clickable flash 'thing' has gone over well, so I've gone into detailed wireframes around clever login mechanisms. Clever in that we're trying to be frictionless so we have to work a bit harder on our end, utilising Facebook connect as our first choice, falling back to openID and 'classic' email/passwords. I'd used FB as a login feature on Tioti.com (2007) when it was still a neat, new way of handling that. We used a FB app, but the process remains similar - it's seamless and secure for the user (we don't hold a password) while we can use their social graph to improve the experience. I've been working up much prettier user interface elements now that features are settling down too, so things are starting to pick up a bit of gloss, which is painstaking but always enjoyable. This sub-project will be live Jan 24th, and my portion is almost over. The next chunk technically should have been first, it being the "lofty grand vision" but product release schedules have to be navigated.  Plus, jumping in and doing a semi-skimmed implementation has been instructive both to the parameters of the wider project as well as the realities within the business. It'll be a busy, but very exciting new year I think.